# Designing-and-Developing-an-Ensemble-Predictive-Model-Forecasting-AMGEN-stock-price-at-year-end-31s
The basis of this project involves analyzing Amgen future profitability based on its current business environment and financial performance. Technical Analysis, on the other hand, includes reading the charts and using statistical figures to identify the trends in the stock market. The dataset used for this analysis was downloaded from Yahoo finance for year 2009 to 2019. There are multiple variables in the dataset – date, open, high, low, volume. Adjusted close. The columns Open and Close represent the starting and final price at which the stock is traded on a day. High and Low represent the maximum, minimum price of the share for the day. The profit or loss calculation is usually determined by the closing price of a stock for the day, I used the adjusted closing price as the target variable. I downloaded data on the inflation rate, unemployment rate, Industrial Production Index, Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers: All Items and Real Gross Domestic Product as independent variables, Quarterly Financial Report: U.S. Corporations: Cash Dividends Charged to Retained Earnings All Manufacturing: All Nondurable Manufacturing: Chemicals: Pharmaceuticals and Medicines Industry, Producer Price Index by Industry: Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing, 30-Year Treasury Constant Maturity Rate, and Producer Price Index by Industry: Pharmaceutical and Medicine Manufacturing Index.  The independent variables are economic parameters which was obtained from Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED) website. 
